<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:c="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsp/jstl/core"
      xmlns:comp="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/composite/comp">

    <h:head>
        <meta charset="utf-8" />
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/5.11.2/css/all.css"/>
        <h:outputStylesheet name="css/style.css" />
        <title>Privacy | Fizzit.com</title>
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"/>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <comp:menu />

        <main>
            <div class="privacy-container">
                <h1>Privacy Policy</h1>

                <p>
                    At Fizzit, we take your privacy and security very seriously. We want you to feel confident when using
                    our services, which is why we’re open about how we use your data and take all appropriate steps to
                    secure it. You’ll find all the details you need in this Privacy Policy, but please don’t hesitate to
                    contact privacy@fizzit.com if you have any privacy-related questions.
                </p>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-1"
                    title="The key points">
                    <ul>
                        <li>We only use your data for the purposes set out in this policy</li>
                        <li>We take all appropriate steps to protect your data.</li>
                        <li>We will never sell your data to a third party</li>
                        <li>
                            Whenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data (e.g. so we can send
                            you special offers or news about our products and services that we think would be of
                            interest to you), you can withdraw consent at any time.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            If we don’t need your data anymore, we will either anonymise it (e.g. retain your data to
                            help us assess how people use us so that we can improve our services but make sure that
                            you can no longer be identified from that information) or we will securely delete it.
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>
                        When you are using our Fizzit website and services, the data controller is Fizzit Limited.
                    </p> 
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-2" 
                    title="How we collect and use your information">
                    <h3>Your name and contact details</h3>
                    <p>
                        We collect your name and contact details when you create a Fizzit account and use them for the
                        following purposes:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Returning items sold which are refused by Fizzit.</li>
                        <li>
                            Sending important service-related messages by text, email, post and push notifications (you
                            can opt out of any of these at any time in your account settings).
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Sending information about our latest offers, discounts, voucher codes, competitions and
                            updates by text, email, post, social media and push notifications (again, you can opt out of
                            any of these at any time in your account settings).
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            Fraud prevention and detection.
                        </li>
                    </ul>

                    <h3>Your payment information</h3>
                    <p>
                        At Fizzit we understand that saving your payment information in many places is concerning so at the
                        present time Fizzit does not store your payment information but uses, with your consent, a trusted
                        third-party service in order to pay you for items sold to Fizzit.
                    </p>

                    <h3>Your contact history with us</h3>
                    <p>
                        We may store and use any communications you have with us (i.e. when contacting our customer
                        service team) for the following reasons:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Provide customer service and support.</li>
                        <li>Devise solutions to common customer problems.</li>
                        <li>Train our customer service team.</li>
                    </ul>

                    <h3>Your purchase history and saved items</h3>
                    <p>
                        In order to deliver the best possible service, we store information on your purchase history and
                        saved items. This allows us to:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            Provide a personalised experience when using our website (including recommended
                            products) using automated and computerised technology.
                        </li>
                        <li>Review, develop and improve the services we offer.</li>
                        <li>Send marketing emails relevant to your interests.</li>
                    </ul>

                    <h3>Information about your devices and how you use our services</h3>
                    <p>
                        When you visit our site or send an email to us, we will automatically collect information about the
                        device you’re using (i.e. mobile, computer, tablet, etc) as well as your operating system, access
                        times, browser information (including type, language and history), your location data, settings and
                        other data required to deliver the services described in this policy.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        We use cookies and other technologies to collect this information and use it in the following ways:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Provide you with a personalised browsing experience.</li>
                        <li>Research and data analysis.</li>
                        <li>Developing new services.</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>
                        We apply all the safeguards outlined in this policy when combining your personal information with
                        your device information.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        In some instances, we may provide third parties with aggregated information and analytics in order
                        to deliver and improve our service. This information will be anonymised so it cannot be used to
                        identify you.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-3" 
                    title="The legal basis for collection and processing your personal information">
                    <p>
                        The law on data protection sets out a number of different grounds on which we can collect and
                        process your personal information. The table below sets out when we rely on these different
                        grounds:
                    </p>

                    <table>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Contractual obligations</td>
                            <td>
                                When we enter into a contract with you we need your personal data to be able to
                                fulfil the contract e.g. if we agree to buy your CDs, we will need access to a thirdparty account to be able to pay you and may also need your address details to
                                arrange for our courier to return refused items.
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Legal compliance</td>
                            <td>
                                We may be required by law to retain some of your personal data e.g. fraud
                                prevention.
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Legitimate interests</td>
                            <td>
                                We may use your personal data for our legitimate interests e.g. keeping details of
                                your trade in history so that we can provide you with a personalised service.
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                        <tr>
                            <td>Consent</td>
                            <td>
                                Where you have given us your consent e.g. where you have ticked a box to say
                                you would like to hear from us about special offers.
                            </td>
                        </tr>
                    </table>

                    <p>
                        Your rights over the way in which we use your data will vary depending on which ground we are
                        relying upon. Please see the Withdrawing consent and Your rights sections.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-4" 
                    title="Withdrawing consent" >
                    <p>
                        You can withdraw consent for us to send marketing messages at any time by:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Using the unsubscribe links provided in our emails.</li>
                        <li>Sending an email to privacy@fizzit.com</li>
                        <l1>Writing to Data Controller, [DATA CONTROLLER ADDRESS]</l1>
                    </ul>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-5" 
                    title="Your rights">
                    <p>
                        You have the following rights over the way in which we use your personal information:
                    </p>

                    <ul>
                        <li>The right to access any personal information we hold about you.</li>
                        <p>
                            This means you can ask us whether we hold information about you and, if so, for us to provide you
                            with certain details about that information, including the information itself. This is often referred to
                            as a subject access request.
                        </p>
                        <li>
                            The right to request we delete the information we hold about you (sometimes referred to
                            as the right to erasure of your information or the right to be forgotten).
                        </li>
                        <p>
                            You can ask us to delete your information in certain circumstances e.g. where it is no longer
                            necessary for us to hold it for the purposes for which we collected it, where we need your consent to
                            use it and you have withdrawn that consent, where you object to us using your information for our
                            legitimate interests and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for us to continue to do so.
                        </p>
                        <li>
                            The right to correct or update any personal information we hold about you.
                        </li>
                        <p>
                            If you cannot correct the information yourself through your Fizzit account, please contact us with
                            your queries and/or the updated information.
                        </p>
                        <li>The right to restrict our processing of your information</li>
                        <p>
                            This might apply where, for example, you have objected to us processing your data on the grounds
                            of our legitimate interest but we are checking whether there are any grounds to override your
                            objection.
                        </p>
                        <li>
                            The right to withdraw consent for any usage of your personal information, including the
                            delivery of marketing messages, at any time (which you can do by contacting us
                            on privacy@fizzit.com etc.).
                        </li>
                    </ul>

                    <p>
                        You can exercise any of these rights by:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Sending an email to privacy@fizzit.com</li>
                        <li>Writing a letter to Data Queries, Fizzit, [DATA CONTROLLER ADDRESS]</li>
                    </ul>
                    <p>
                        We hope that we can resolve any queries or concerns you may have about our use of your
                        information but you can also contact the Information Commissioner at ico.org.uk/concerns/ or
                        telephone: 0303 123 1113 for further information about your rights and how to make a formal
                        complaint.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-6" 
                    title="How we store and protect your information">
                    <p>
                        We store your information on our secure systems operated, as well as systems operated by third
                        parties (who may also process your anonymised information on our behalf).
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        Your information is stored for as long as you have a Fizzit account, or as long as it is needed to
                        provide the services outlined above. If required, we may also keep your information to comply with
                        any applicable laws or internal company policies.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container checkboxId="fld-7" title="Sharing your information">
                    <p>
                        We appreciate the trust you place in us to handle your personal data correctly, which is why we
                        promise not to sell your personal data to any third party under any circumstances.
                    </p>
                    <p>
                        However, we will need to share it with carefully selected companies and organisations in order to
                        fulfil the services outlined in the ‘how we collect and use your information’ section above. Here is a
                        full list:
                    </p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Other companies within the Fizzit Ltd group (but only those located within EEA)</li>
                        <li>
                            To employees, agents and other third parties (some of whom may be located outside of the
                            EEA) who help us deliver our services, including but not limited to: administering your
                            account, arranging the collection and delivery of products and providing assistance with any
                            queries you may have.
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            To companies who help us tailor our services to your needs and recommend products and
                            services you may be interested in.
                        </li>
                        <li>To any party whom we transfer our right and duties to after a change of ownership.</li>
                        <li>To anyone the law requires us to share data with.</li>

                    </ul>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-8" 
                    title="Your information and countries outside Europe">
                    <p>
                        In some instances, we may need to transfer your data to a company or organisation outside of the
                        EEA. These transfers will only be made with the appropriate safeguards in place, including the
                        standard data protection clauses outlined by the European Commission. If the organisation is based
                        in the United States, we will ensure they are compliant with the EU-US Privacy Shield scheme.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container 
                    checkboxId="fld-9" 
                    title="Your data and other websites">
                    <p>
                        Our website may contain links to other websites. If you visit one of these websites, you will be
                        subject to their privacy policy rather than ours. We highly recommend viewing the privacy policy of
                        any website you visit to determine the information they collect and how they use it.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container checkboxId="fld-10" title="Changes to this policy">
                    <p>
                        We may change this policy from time to time. If we make any major changes, we’ll post a
                        notification on our website.
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <comp:folding-container checkboxId="fld-11" title="Questions about this policy">
                    <p>
                        If you have any questions or feedback about our privacy policy, please email us
                        at privacy@fizzit.com or send a letter to Data Queries, Fizzit, [DATA CONTROLLER ADDRESS]
                    </p>
                </comp:folding-container>

                <p>
                    <i>This policy was last updated on 20/04/2020</i>
                </p>

            </div>

        </main>

        <comp:footer />
    </h:body>
</html>
